# Ethereum Cat Herder Meeting # 125
### Meeting Date/Time: Tuesday  30th January 2024 at 14:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 0.5 hour
### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/ethcatherders/PM/issues/390)
### [Audio/Video of the meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4)
### Moderator: Pooja Ranjan
### Notes: Avishek Kumar

------------

## Agenda

**Pooja Ranjan** [0:00](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=0sec): Hello everyone, welcome to ethereum cat Herder meeting 125. This is issue number 390 at ETH cat herders /pmrepo. Thank you Santosh for hosting the last meeting in my absence. That was great and we are now back with regular updates for this meeting for today on agenda. We have the first actually the zeroth item for the Ethereum Cat Herder completing 5 years, then we'll go over ethereum Network upgrades. There are a few other application and protocol development updates even Fellowship hackathon, initiative and new associations and general updates uh for cat herders what they have been doing so far.

## 0. EthCatHerders completing 5 years.

**Pooja Ranjan** [0:49](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=49sec): So let me first begin with congratulating everyone here on the call today and many others who are not here but may be listening to this call later on on thank you for being part of Etherum Cat Herders for past 5 years. I have published a blog post about C's achievements, initiatives and Community recognition. This has been a great journey so far and I would like to thank different projects which were funded from time to time to continue operating and talking about the public good projects funding. We are participating in the octant epoch zero round and we could use some support to be included. 31st January is the last date for allocation so if you are a Stalker at golum consider supporting Ethereum Cat herders and congratulations everyone for being with us for the past 5 years. We'll get into ethereum Network upgrades but before that  let's quickly have an update from ZK basically on the podcast and a few other sections that he has been working on because I know he has to drop off a bit early. So ZK if you would like to maybe go ahead and share about your updates 

### ECH Operations

**ZkDoof** [2:22](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=142sec): Sure thank you Pooja. so all core  Dev meeting 18 is recorded, ready to go. We're having some difficulty getting it posted but that should be figured out soon and should go live this week .

**ZkDoof** [2:33](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=153s): PEEPanEIP 126 is edited both in the podcast and I think the video as well. We're waiting for the video
to go up and then the podcast will go up. The herders meet when William is ready to go. So that podcast will go up this Thursday. Since the video is already up, the epd with Micah is also edited in video and podcast. Again the same issue with uploading so trying to figure that out  and the epd smoothly was recorded. I think last week or the week before but it's recorded and I'm currently in the process of editing it.

**Pooja Ranjan** [3:29](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=209s): That sounds awesome, thank you so much for the update and I hope that we be able to resolve the issue of uploading and we can release the podcast version of all these recordings as soon as Possible.

## 1. Ethereum network upgrades

### Dencun

**Pooja Ranjan** [3:47](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=227s):  Alright going back to item number one which is ethereum Network
3:52
upgrade so let's start with the Dencun upgrade and talking about Dencun upgrade

- [Learn2Earn - Dencun NFT](https://medium.com/ethereum-cat-herders/learn2earn-is-back-with-dencun-nft-3712d2b086fd). Try [app](https://l2e.ethereumcatherders.com/) today!

**Pooja Ranjan** [3:58](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=238s): Learn2Earn Dencun NFT,  yes the popular Learn2Earn app by Ethereum cat herders is back with Dencun NFT people may follow a deep dive on proposals included in Dencun on a pen. They can take a simple quiz and in the NFT on the polygon chain we chose the polygon to keep the mint cost minimal. Many thanks to George, Santosh and an external contributor. The information was also shared on The Godly testnet for call by George and people may also check out the blog post by George for more details on Ethereum Cat Herders medium. I hope I have covered everything but Jorge since you are on the call. Please feel free to add if I missed out on anything on learn2earn on app.

**George Hervey** [4:54](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=294s):  yeah I think you got the general stuff covered where it's launched. It seems to have some popularity but there's not too many people who minted the rewards and I think that's probably because the quiz is a a little challenging so we may look into that but yes it's available and if you haven't tried it out yet please try it out give some feedback way like we dislike and all that.

**Pooja Ranjan** [5:36](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=336s): And the website web link for that is l2.etherumcatherders.com so please give it a try. I hope that you get the NFT for Dencun upgrade.

- Goerli Fork went live

**Pooja Ranjan** [5:52](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=352s): With that we can perhaps move on to the rest of the upgrades so as we may know Dencun went  live on the first public testnet Goerli at 6:32 UTC on January 17th. Users may now use blob there on Goerli for testing purposes. So client teams were generally satisfied with how Georli went, minor issues were reported but they have been fixed and new releases were Shipped.

- [Sepolia & Holesky Dencun Announcement](https://blog.ethereum.org/2024/01/24/sepolia-holesky-dencun)

**Pooja Ranjan** [6:25](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=153s):  Ethereum Foundation published a blog post on Sepolia & Holesky Dencun Announcement and developers are expecting that Dencun will activate on CIA at UMO 13268 today January 30th at 22:51UTC and on Hall sky on 7th February at 11:35 UTC client teams have generally agreed to move move forward with this on Json RPC and the PR number here is PR 486 if people may want to take a look at it. There were General agreement to deploy EIP 4788 beacon block route in the EVM contract to the main net because this proposal was being discussed again and again whether it should be  deployed on the minute. But yes now there is a general agreement and the first one to do this and post a transaction hash to the developers may get their gas refunded. so give it a try if you are interested to maybe test this proposal.

- [EIP-7569: Hardfork Meta - Dencun](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-7569)

**Pooja Ranjan** [7:49](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=153s): People may follow EIP 7569 which is the Hardfork Meta for Dencun where they can find the list of all eips included. we have also included all these eips on ethereum cat herders website ethereumcatherders.com/Dencun and there is also a peep and EP video playlist for the explanation version of all these proposals check the specs. The links are added for Cancun and DB upgrade on the agenda of the call 

- Dencun Interop Testing Call [38](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wiOGbAPL144)

**Pooja Ranjan** [8:24](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=153s): More on testing updates were shared in the last week Dencun Interop Testing call 38 please check out the recording if you haven't done it already and the link is added to the agenda um 

### Next Upgrade

- [Prague/Electra Network Upgrade Meta Thread](https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/prague-electra-network-upgrade-meta-thread/16809)

**Pooja Ranjan** [8:42](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=153s): More on this in respective EL CLmeetings client to discussed eips for next upgrade which is prague and Electra there is no formal name as such as for as I know people are still trying 
to figure out and try to come up with a name by which we can call. There are two or three popular proposals but we'll get to know more about it. Hopefully in the All Core Dev meeting this week so for Prague/Electra Network upgrade we have added the meta thread where discussions are ongoing at Fellowship of ethereum magician.

- [Prysm blogpost about Electra upgrade](https://medium.com/offchainlabs/prysm-electra-upgrade-f827c20d0fd2)

**Pooja Ranjan** [9:21](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=561s): Prism um um popular client at consensus layer also published a blog post about Electra upgrade mentioning which EIP they are interested in
supporting and which they think it would not be a great idea to go ahead with Electro and perhaps they can have it in the later part of upgrade 

- [EIP-7600: Hardfork Meta - Prague/Electra](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/pull/8121)

**Pooja Ranjan** [9:41](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=581s): EIP 7600 which is currently in the form of BU request is created by Timo for the Hardfork Meta Prague and Electra so from the highlights  from the ELCL meetings it seems like they are targeting to have the second fork for the year that means the prague and Electra in 2024 itself. This means there are chances that big proposals like work may be moved to the next Fork. So there is a short list of proposals being added to the meta upgrade  EIP and the El team agreed to prioritise EIP 2537 which is the bls1 EIP 6110 and EIP 7002. People can also follow these proposals by authors on PEEPanEIP and I have added the link to the Prague and Electra playlist on the next All Core Dev execution meeting which is planned on February 1st at 1400 UTC. We hope that potential big proposals like veral UF and 44s will
be discussed so if anyone is interested to know more about these proposals or want to discuss more. Please add a comment to the agenda and hopefully we will get confirmation if they are being part of the Prague and Electra upgrade or maybe for the next upgrade. Similarly in the CL meeting last week a bunch of proposals were discussed for Electra to upgrade the consensus layer side of it. General agreement was for EIP 6110 and 7002. Tim also mentioned that a Devnet would be started shortly for these proposals and then we can keep on adding new proposals or proposals which get the confirmation from other client devs to be included in the upgrade. Mike Neuter a developer from Ethereum Foundation proposed two proposals EIP 7251 which would increase the max effective balance and the other one is EIP 7457. The inclusion list there was a bunch of discussion and the argument to have EIP 7251 was kind of piggybacking the EIP 70002. There were a lot of back and forth arguments, like some people suggested that it is important to have consolidation of validators but a few developers shared their concern that large operators may not be in favour of consolidating their validators though. There is a research ongoing the authors are trying to reach out to various pools to maybe collect their thoughts on the idea of consolidation. We have Al organised a peep and EIP meeting with Mike and applian to learn more about EIP 7251 which will increase the max effective balance and the meeting is scheduled on February 88th at 1800 UTC among other development on proposals.

- EOF Implementers Call 31

Pooja Ranjan** [13:24](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=804s): Different implementers team have meetings ongoing that can be followed on ethereum protocol. YouTube we have added links to meeting for EOF implementers call number 31 and Verkle implementers call number 10 for UF implementers call it's important to note that the call has been moved to weekly Cadence instead of bi-weekly Cadence and the new time is at 6:00 UTC. Agenda for meeting on January 31st that is tomorrow has already been added to
ethereum/pm GitHub repository. Any question comments so far. 

### Useful resources

**Pooja Ranjan** [14:11](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=851s): I know these are a bunch of updates but I think I would like to go over a few more to cover the network upgrade part. So changes included in network upgrade, we have added the link to these packs for Dencun upgrade [PEEPanEIP Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cwHXAawZxpnKFDl1KzGOKqwux5JaLlv)
Please check it out for Prague and Electra. We also have added the [playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cwHXAawZxqOHV_F40AJbzcl8b6tG8xw) and people can find EVM UF discussion with Dano Farin then there were bunch of UF proposals EIP 3540 and EIP 3670 with Andrea Andrea from the Epsilon team and EIP 6110 with Miken team EIP 2537 which is back into consideration check out the links added to agenda if you want to learn more about it.

## 2. Other Application & Protocol Development

- [Roll Call 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0OzjiHf2dF0)

**Pooja Ranjan** [15:05](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=905s): There are other application and protocol development going in parallel so roll  call meeting which is a new developers meeting started recently for Layer Two developers. We have added link to the meeting number two

- [RollCall #2.1 Breakout - 4844 Testing [2024 01 24]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V8d0fQoMeP4)

**Pooja Ranjan** [15:23](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=923s): But there was another meeting 2.1 that was a breakout meeting especially organised for 4844 testing please check the links if you want to follow these 

## 3. Events, Fellowship, Hackathon

**Pooja Ranjan** [15:39](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=939s): I have added a list of events fellowship and hackathons requested by community members. so if you are listening to this call planning an event and would like Community to know more about it please feel free to add your event in next meeting's agenda and we would hopefully will be including it in the call as we know Denver is around the corner. The hackathon is from February 23rd to March March 3rd 2024 Ethereum cat herders are being co-organizer for ERC at Denver with ERC ref team we are also organising um women in ethereum protocol with ethereum foundation and there is an um EIP day organised by Fellowship of ethereum 
magician team. So please check out the link to get more information and stay tuned. We hopefully will provide more updates in coming weeks.

### Women's Day celebration thoughts and ideas

**Pooja Ranjan** [16:45](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1005s): talking about uh these events I see the next item here is a um Women's Day celebration. I wonder if people have any thoughts and ideas. I know we did celebrate Women’s day I suppose last year and I see SG on the call. I wonder if you have any thoughts, suggestions and yeah any input for the celebration this year.

**SG** [17:14](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1034s): Just based on previous experience I was wondering if we could have like a one or two recordings of women developers pitching their products and maybe they get some boost on that day.

**Pooja Ranjan** [17:34](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1054s): That sounds interesting and that reminds me if I remember correctly this women in ethereum protocol team is also organising a webinar kind of thing perhaps we can support them in which we are planning to have more women protocol developer on board so it would be a good idea to learn about their development experience and you know any issues challenges and yeah record something to encourage more women 

**SG** [18:08](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1088s): Yeah I think that would be very interesting.

**Pooja Ranjan** [18:13](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1093s): Yeah very well we can perhaps discuss a sync and see how we can support the team or if we can
also record something to maybe create two three different applications as well. Application developers interview or something like that would be nice to have it for the Women's Day celebration 

**SG** [18:41](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1121s): Yeah that sounds great. Yeah I'll will check uh we can connect a sync for that.

**Pooja Ranjan** [18:48](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1128s): Perfect thank you 

- [Eth Berlin](https://ethberlin.org/)

**Pooja Ranjan** [18:53](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1133s): And the last one here is e Berlin which is which is planned for May 24 to 26 people may check out the website if you're interested in speaking position or participating in hackathon.  You may follow the link to know when the dates are open to submit their application 

## 4. New initiative/association/team discussion

**Pooja Ranjan** [19:13](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1153s): The next one is new initiative Association and team discussion. I believe we have updates from ZK on the ecosystem project demo. 

- [Meet The Herders](https://hackmd.io/@hgedia/B1D3uPhAh)

**Pooja Ranjan** [19:24](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1164s): And on Meet the herders I see Haresh on the all. We have released a video of William Schwab this week  but I wonder if we have any further updates on Meet the Herder side Haresh. 

**Haresh** [19:41](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1181s): Hey speaking to ZK and Panda pip for scheduling another episode but we have not like agreed on a date yet so, I'm hoping I can get two more episodes for the next.

**Pooja Ranjan** [20:01](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1201s): That would be great, thank you so much for the update and I believe we also would like to have the text version of the episode 3. Can we target it for maybe next week to be released.

**Haresh** [20:16](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1216s):  is is this the medium post uh because I've already updated this 

**Pooja Ranjan** [20:20](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1220s): yes

**Haresh** [20:21](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1221s): I've fixed everything, the only thing which I think we need to add there is the Spotify link but all the other takes are fixed and and it is published under the cat herders so I think you might need to just review and if you're happy with it we can publish that too.

**Pooja Ranjan** [20:38](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1238s): Okay perfect, I will go back and take a look and when the podcast version is uploaded we can just add the link over there m

**Haresh** [20:49](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1249s):  yeah yeah 

**Pooja Ranjan** [20:51](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1251s): Perfect thank you you and I would really encourage people to maybe share some new ideas for Community engagement. This is just the beginning of a new year so if you could think of something new what we can add, how we can contribute to ethereum protocol development that would be really great to have either in this meeting or maybe anything think offline anywhere on discord Channel want to share your thoughts and ideas please feel free.

## 5. General updates/discussion

- New website domain - [https://EthCatHerders.com](https://EthCatHerders.com)	

**Pooja Ranjan** [21:26](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1286s): Moving on to General updates and discussion we have recently purchased a  new domain EthCatHerders.com.  I believe we are working on migrating. I wonder George if you may have any update or any estimate on when we can be live with our new or updated Website

**George Hervey** [21:52](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1312s):  Yeah I think we're looking to get the V3 done before we migrate but it's not something that's required so we can just switch over to the new domain if we wanted to like Whenever.

**Pooja Ranjan** [22:15](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1335s):  No I think it would be a good idea to have it with V3 so we have a robost codes going on for the new Domain

**George Hervey** [22:27](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1347s): Yeah so we just need a like an update from Pion.

**Pooja Ranjan** [22:35](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1355s): 	
that perfect uh I don't see Pion on the call. Maybe I would like to check it with him and I hope to have him on the next call so we can get some updates here.

- New GitHub - https://github.com/ethcatherders

**Pooja Ranjan** [22:49](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1369s): And for people who may have missed it earlier ETH Cat Herder now has a new GitHub link. So the new GitHub link is https://github.com/ethcatherders the Old Link may send us towards
the new link but it would be really good idea to have it updated and I assume that this has already been updated on the website is that a correct understanding 

- YouTube - https://www.youtube.com/@EthCatHerders

**Pooja Ranjan** [23:24](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1404s): Okay perfect very well and similarly on YouTube we are on www.youtube.com EthCatHerders same goes with Twitter it's twitter.com or x.com ethereum cat herders. So people may find us so easily and we have also added links to our social media if you haven't subscribed followed us so far please do it today. We are here to share a lot of information related to ethereum protocol and research Development

ECH engineering

[ECH Website](https://www.ethereumcatherders.com/)

**Pooja Ranjan** [24:09](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1449s): On ECH engineering side the first item is ECH website update I believe we have merged a few peers. George if you would like to maybe share updates on the changes on the website today.

**Georgy Hervey** [24:26](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1466s): Yeah this was essentially just quick touch ups on the website so like what Pooja was just
mentioning with the change of the GitHub name and just reflected that on the website and then another thing was adding another resource to the EIP resources for the verkle and I believe that's pretty much  It's very small stuff 

**Pooja Ranjan** [24:59](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1499s): Yeah and I'm wondering if there are something that we can be adding for the Dencun upgrade with respect to testnets. We do have a testnet page. Do you think that we can perhaps update 
some updates with respect to Dencun? I mean, is there any scope of that.

**George Hervey** [25:20](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1520s): We could I guess maybe go into more specifics with it. So I don't know.

**Pooja Ranjan** [25:33](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1533s): Perhaps we can add the go live date of each of these testnet on the page where we are providing information about all the dev Nets and if there is any temporary or Emerald link even to maybe follow uh the specs the client specs that would be nice to have and there was one more thing I was hoping to get it there with respect to Dencun but yeah if not then we can perhaps start working for the page of prague and Electra to maybe add the resources and potential proposals there if it is coming up with the V3 version I'm totally fine with it.

**Goerge Hervey** [26:24](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1584s): Okay yeah I think I need to check because I think that was I think P started with the Prague / Electra.  but I'm not like this off the top of my head. so I'm not exactly sure so don't quote me on it. So I guess I we could just follow up async on that stuff.

**Pooja Ranjan** [26:47](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1607s): Sounds good to me. sorry I have been missing couple of our updates a sync updates but I hope to continue it from here on.

**Pooja Ranjan** [27:00](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1620s): All right as I mentioned earlier people can maybe check out ethereum test net page to learn more about present and past testnets for ethereum Network. I do not see any progress on meeting the herder's proposed design but I'm hoping that would be there with the V3 version. So let's wait for further updates to come.

- ECH Operation

**Pooja Ranjan** [27:24](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1644s):  On ECH operations we have been sharing YouTube shots under the Community playlist section so please check out that playlist which has smaller version of Deep and or other interesting stuff by developers.

- [EIPs Insight](https://hackmd.io/@poojaranjan/EthereumImprovementProposalsInsight) & [EIPsInsight website](https://eipsinsight.com/insight/2024/1)

**Pooja Ranjan** [27:47](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1667s): Moving on to EIPS Insight people may be able to check the eipsinsight.com for the Insight of the month of January on eips side we have three proposals under review one for last call to final and two for stagnant  status similarly for ERC we have received nine proposals as draft two last call and one final and for RPS we have one proposal which is Rip 7212 has been moved to the final status. 

- [PEEPanEIP](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cwHXAawZxqu0PKKyMzG_3BJV_xZTi1F)

**Pooja Ranjan** [28:30](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1710s): For Peep and EP we should be going live with the episode number 126 perhaps this week and the another meeting as I mentioned is is scheduled for recording on February 8th to understand the proposal of consensus layer for Electra upgrade with tag line and mic

- ECH Funding

**Pooja Ranjan** [28:54](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1734s): On ECH funding we are participating for 2 and um there we need more support as we are in a critical position and the deadline is tomorrow so if anyone participating as Staker listening to this call would like to support ethereum Cat herders as one of the public good projects we really need you and for op optimism R pgf round three it has been completed and we received enormous support from the badge holders and a very decent amount of optimism has been allocated to us we haven't claimed it yet we are hoping to follow the process.There is a deadline of a year and we hope to get understand this process and yeah thank you everyone who voted for us, who supported for us for optimism RP GF round.

- [Meeting notes](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1axM1KaKc-GCcoPbAnYTOhgLnxXsBVoO5XRjTN3CLnck/edit#gid=0) and action items for ECH

**Pooja Ranjan** [30:09](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1809s): The next section is meeting notes and action item for EC as I can see most of the meeting notes are have been added for ACDC meeting 179, ACDC meeting 125, EIPIP meeting 98. Thank you all contributors for submitting the notes. There's one request from each one of you. I would really love for each one of you to maybe update me regularly with your notes. It's very
important because that proves the quick link for the submitted and we would also like to request every individual contributor to try to submit notes within 72 hours of the meeting that would be really great to have it because we want the notes to be a made available for the community sooner rather than later for people to discuss it before the next meeting comes 
up and I remember someone in the Discord Channel showed up and they mentioned that they are interested in contributing to notes. If they are, please reach out to us on I think the task list or maybe you can DM me. I would try to take you through all the process and would let you know more about it. but if you have any questions feel free to drop it in the journal chat. We'll be happy to answer that. 

## 6. Review of outstanding action items from previous ECH meetings

**Pooja Ranjan** [31:47](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=267KFfxXBW4&t=1907s): I think that brings us towards the end of this meeting I wonder if we have anything specific from the last meeting to go over quickly taking a look at the at the notes. Okay one other thing that I would like to mention, it would be really nice to have a short summary added in the notes section. So, people can get a quick reference of at least any action item from the current meeting. For example if we take a look at the ACDC meeting generally Timo tries to
summarise the meeting and we add that as a summary that is very handy because Tim does that but for most of the meetings we do not have it for EIP meeting. I do try to summarise meeting in the agenda like add as a comment section people documenting EIPIP meeting not notes may take that and add a summary and for rest of the meetings. I would highly encourage you to add a summary at least that tells us what was discussed in the agenda and if there is an action item for any respective developer or anybody in the team to work on it. So it will be helpful for the next coordinator of the meeting to just pick up your summary section and read out. If  there are any action items and I think that would be value adding from ethereum cat herders side. With that I think I have discussed everything that was listed on the agenda. Is there anything else that people would like to maybe share or discuss today, or propose for future meetings? Very well in that case, I would like to sincerely thank everyone who joined this meeting who have been part of the ethereum cat herders community. I hope to see you all around and yeah see you in the next meeting two weeks from now have a good rest of the day everyone thank

-------------------------
## Attendees

* Pooja Ranjan
* William Schwab
* Santosh J
* Daniel Gretzke
* GeorgeHervey
* JA
* ZK
* SG
* Kevin Hein	

## Next Call - February 13, 2024.

